Create features.md (#17)
devcontainers/devcontainers.github.io: _implementors/features.md

---
layout: implementors
title:  "Dev container Features reference [proposal]"
shortTitle: "Features"
author: Microsoft
index: 5
---

> Note: This section provides information on a currently active proposal. See the [Features proposal in the spec repo](https://github.com/devcontainers/spec/issues/61) for input and links to other proposed improvements.

> Dev container 'features' are self-contained, shareable units of installation code and development container configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Development container "Features" are self-contained, shareable units of installation code and development container configuration. The name comes from the idea that referencing one of them allows you to quickly and easily add more tooling, runtime, or library "features" into your development container for you or your collaborators to use.
```

Possible tweak to the description - we could back port this to the main spec too.  Gives a little context on why we called them "Features".
